"Added Anaconda section in Python Programming" (#37)
pescap/EasyHPC: docs/source/horovod.rst

Python Programming
==================

> Conda environments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conda
```

------------------

> To help you work with differents versions of Python and different packages/libraries to avoid compatibility issues.

Reviewer: If the text is coming from a website, add the proper url here.

Author: I figured it out myself!
The steps are a form of mix between docs.conda.io and my personal experience installing it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conda is a package and environment management system. It allows to easily find and install packages. It is very useful to work with different Python packages/libraries versions, and to avoid compatibility issues.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conda is a package and environment management system, allowing to easily find and install packages. It is very useful to work with different Python packages/libraries versions, and to avoid compatibility issues.
```
